This is the latest blog on how to deploy wordpress website on AWS using elastic beanstalk
Elastic beanstalk →
It is simply called serverless computing or you just need to provide a code of your application to aws and aws itself manage everything in their end such as managing load on server,storage,type of instance etc…

Prerequisites →
In this project we assume that you have basic knowledge of Elastic beanstalk and aws and have some hands on linux operating system

Launch RDS database →
step 1 →Search RDS on aws console and then click on create database

step 2 → choose standard create and then mysql engine

step 3 →set your master name and password you could also autogenerate the password

step 4 → give the name to your database in the additional configuration and remain everything as it is and click on create database it takes up to 3 to 4 minutes to configure everything

Launch elastic beanstalk environment →
step 1 →Search Elastic beanstalk on aws console and then click on create application

step 2 →choose web server environment and then give name to your application

step 3 →choose php from managed platform and then click next

step 4 → In service role click create and use new service role and select aws-elasticbeanstalk-service-role from it

step 5 →choose your ec2 keypair and your ec2 instance profile to ec2accessdemoapp

note: key pair must be present in your localhost
step 6 → In VPC choose default vpc and then select your instance subnet and database subnets

click next

step 7 →select the default security group from the options and click next

step 8 → in health reporting choose basic and untick the manged updates options

step 9 → Now connect your database by adding environment properties

1. RDS_HOSTNAME

The hostname of the DB instance.

where to find →On the Connectivity & security tab on the Amazon RDS console: Endpoint.

2. RDS_PORT

The port where the DB instance accepts connections. The default value varies among DB engines.

where to find →On the Connectivity & security tab on the Amazon RDS console: Port.

3. RDS_DB_NAME

The database name, ebdb.

where to find →On the Configuration tab on the Amazon RDS console: DB Name.

4.RDS_USERNAME

The username that you configured for your database.

where to find →On the Configuration tab on the Amazon RDS console: Master username.

RDS_PASSWORD

The password that you configured for your database.

Not available for reference in the Amazon RDS console.

Step 10 → review your configuration and click on sumbit

It takes around 5 min to create your application